Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Mitch: Good. How are you doing,
Shawn Phalen: Good. Can you hear me okay
Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Hey, so how's it going, Tommy. Tommy what's been happening.
Mitch: Well, I'm back to work full time. Well, that's good. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I
Mitch: Got out of shape these past couple weeks not working in my my jobs kind of physically demanding so
Mitch: I've been exhausted, to say the least.
Shawn Phalen: So how did you get to go back full time, how, how is that, how's that
Mitch: Well, it's um
Mitch: I'm not too sure the like specifics, but we get a lot of our nails and stuff from China. So that was a big thing that slowed us down and
Mitch: Just my boss said, we can only do special orders and no inventory and now that our inventories depleted. We have to get back after it so
Mitch: We're, we're hitting it hard, who were pretty busy.
Shawn Phalen: So here replenishing the inventory, then
Mitch: Yeah, as well as special orders to
Mitch: Those good were so basically we were going to have to hire on a few new people.
Mitch: Oh my god, that's so good to hear well right before all this happened because we're one branch of many and our branch was a
Mitch: 20% more production than any other branch.
Mitch: So we were doing pretty good before all these crops happened.
Shawn Phalen: Where did the special orders come from.
Mitch: Yeah, just everywhere. Other just around our general County and sometimes like another branch will make a sale and it will be near us so they send it over to us.
Shawn Phalen: And it smell houses, right, is that
Mitch: Well, yeah, like sheds there. Yeah. Our biggest shed that we do is 14 by 14 okay you did a lot of flooring. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Okay. Cool. This one. It's one of the more physically demanding positions, but it's also pays more to
Mitch: That's good.
Shawn Phalen: Well, you're one of the lucky ones that you got to go back to work and you got
Mitch: Time and that this is happening and that they're considering it in the central business for you. Yeah, well, we never really shut down. I think I don't know.
Mitch: Because we're such a small little company. We have less than 15 employees. I don't know if we ever really had to shut down because it's not essential. Honestly, like
Mitch: But I think because it's like privately owned or maybe because it's so small. It's kinda and it's probably because you don't have a lot of cases up there. Would you say there's you don't have a lot of yeah people with
Shawn Phalen: The virus.
Mitch: I think there was like
Mitch: One for sure and the county. Next up next to us, and there was like rumors of someone having it in our county, but it's not for sure. Right.
Shawn Phalen: So compared to the rest of the country right
Mitch: Yeah, yeah. You're in really good shape. So that's probably also why you're a stay open and do business. Yeah.
Mitch: Good for you. I'm happy i don't i i was getting kind of worried because I don't like to worry about finances so it's it's it's relieving to be back.
Mitch: See you guys have a baby. Yeah, especially
Mitch: Got a baby coming
Shawn Phalen: Once the baby do
Mitch: July 9 okay
Mitch: Okay, yeah, I'm excited.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so, yeah, you should be
Shawn Phalen: Very exciting time.
Yeah.
Um,
Okay, what else, anything you want to go over anything you want to
Talk about
Shawn Phalen: How you feeling in your sobriety.
Mitch: I feel good. I'm
Mitch: The only thing that gets me is
Mitch: I've like tempted to use not heroin, but some math, just because
Mitch: Going back to work and like hitting it full time and like
Mitch: It is kinda tempting to have something to motivate me right and I mean I haven't used but like the thoughts there in the back of my mind.
Shawn Phalen: So I wonder if the if the thought is tied to being physically tired.
Mitch: The wall. Yeah, I believe, for sure, because like
Mitch: In the morning, since just like I'm dragging ass but I've been also trying to not take as many my my medication. My Suboxone I've been trying to like slowly cut back and I've noticed when I am doing that, like, like if I, I'll take a piece of my my strip and like that thought goes away.
Mitch: So,
Shawn Phalen: So,
Mitch: Here's because oh yeah
Shawn Phalen: So my suggestion is the don't mess around with what you're okay so take it as prescribed.
Mitch: Do not do that do not focus on having to be on Suboxone
Mitch: That is, you're, you're going about that in a really backward ass way. Yeah. Makes sense. You want to have
Mitch: How, how much sobriety. Do you have, again, I am eight months clean
Okay.
So,
Don't do that.
Mitch: Yeah, I mean, the only reason is like
Mitch: I kind of catch some shit from my, my parents for
Mitch: Having to be dependent on something.
Mitch: And I mean, I tell them you know it's better. I see is better than me stick sticking a needle in my arm, putting who knows what into my system, you know, this is prescribe
Mitch: Right, so, so here's the thing is like at this
Shawn Phalen: At this stage, I don't think that you need to hear your parents opinion on that. Yeah, okay, because they're not living your life. They didn't live your addiction. They weren't in your skin living it
And
Shawn Phalen: With the Suboxone you are able to have a productive life.
Mitch: Normal function live. Yeah, totally. You are
Mitch: To be present. You get up, you go to work, you have a baby coming
Shawn Phalen: So I suggest that you don't even think about the fact that you're on Suboxone you get up, you take it as prescribed.
And
When the time is right to start try trading off of it, then you can start targeting. This is not the time.
You have a major life transition coming up having a baby is a huge life experience and it is a huge responsibility.
Shawn Phalen: And the fact that if you're not taking the Suboxone as prescribed and you're getting that thought in your head like, Wow, a little bit of math would help me get through this day.
Mitch: There's just a whole issue that I shouldn't SHOULDN'T EVEN BOTHER WITH YOU. Right.
Nope. Because one thing leads to another leads to another and then your life is back where it was the physical thing.
Mitch: Yeah, and that's that's just not an option. At this point, it's not just me anymore. It's like, I got a family that depends on me I couldn't, I couldn't imagine getting arrested or going back to jail.
Mitch: Like I could handle it me, but like my family camp. Right. You know, and I just feel like, you know, I mean, is it even a conversation that you need to have with your parents about like
Shawn Phalen: You know, it's kind of like how does it. How does it do you just tell them that you're on Suboxone and that
Mitch: Well, yeah.
Mitch: I, I was a I had a meeting over there are always out their house and I live in the next town over so I I had had to do a meeting over at their house. Those kind of how they know about it. Well, I mean,
Mitch: I had a meeting with bright heart.
Mitch: But I mean, I was totally open with them about the whole thing because they were wondering how my addiction was doing stuff. So I tell them all about it. But yeah.
Mitch: I mean, I can understand where they're coming from, but
Mitch: It's, yeah, you're right. It's just not the time.
Mitch: One thing at a time.
Shawn Phalen: One thing at a time, you know, once you hit your year mark, maybe, you know, we can have a conversation about
Mitch: Yeah, you know, like, get used to having a newborn in the house, get used to not having sleep get us like you know it's it's a lot of ups and downs, like you're feeling exhausted. You know, you need to be
Mitch: Are you guys married or just. No, not yet. So, you know, you and your, your girlfriend need to be supportive of each other right this is I'm telling you, like, you guys. You need to be there for each other. You can't do that if you're smoking now right
Mitch: Yeah, that's we were nothing. We were opposite of supportive right you're using right. Did you use with her. I did, yeah. Before she found out she was pregnant.
Mitch: And that's another thing I can't obviously
Mitch: I couldn't put her in that position, because if I were using she would want to use. And that's obviously a no no
Mitch: She has, you know, you have her daughter to right yeah of course, you know, so that's, you know,
You don't want to make her daughter go through
Mitch: Any using, you know, like that.
Mitch: Yeah. Yes.
Mitch: It's a terrible thought you saying it out loud and makes it even
Mitch: Worse, right, because you know she she doesn't your daughter doesn't want that she she doesn't
Mitch: You know, so we're better parents off of it. Anyways, right, much, much better parents and how long ago. How long have you guys been together a year.
Mitch: Moved kind of quick
How did you meet her.
Mitch: I'm just through
Mitch: Acquaintances
Mitch: Is actually like a trap house. I hate to say but
Mitch: That she met she found me when I was full blown using heroin and stuff though.
Mitch: So she kind of pulled me out of that whole circle.
Mitch: She's one of like the main reasons I quit doing heroin.
So she stopped before you
Mitch: Yes, she never did heroin.
Mitch: Yeah.
Mitch: She, she quit before me.
Mitch: And is she in the program know
Mitch: Does she go to meetings or push you go into meetings. No, no.
Mitch: And she was with her family. She has short um
Mitch: Yeah, she has a couple sisters that she's close with but they are. They don't know honestly about
Mitch: The extent of her addiction.
Mitch: But
Mitch: Now she's so she's so strong that not aspect, like when she was done, she's done she she realized herself that she wasn't a good parent on and she she couldn't do that to her daughter. Yeah.
Mitch: So have you told her about the thoughts that you're having. Yeah, she's one of my main one of my main, main people like
Mitch: Yeah, I
Mitch: Yeah, she's like the main reason I don't like follow through with those thoughts. Okay, good.
Shawn Phalen: So it's like when you talk to her about it. It's like you're telling on yourself.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, right. And so when you tell on yourself, you have less of a chance of actually following through thoughts.
Yeah.
Mitch: When you get those thoughts, you know, talk to her about it, you know, just be really, you know, as long as you're really open about it and you're really honest about it.
Mitch: Yeah, and I am. That's like that. That's why I do it. Like, you're right. I tell them myself. So I can have her help with, you know, encouraging me not to. So, and also, you know, when you talk about it and you telling yourself. It takes the power out of it.
Mitch: Yeah, you're right, because there's a lot of power and force behind thoughts abusing
Mitch: You know, it just can bring you back to where you can romanticize, it, it's, you know, think that it's not going to do
Mitch: Justice how quickly a thought can turn into right now.
Shawn Phalen: And so it's like you have to have a lot of respect for where your addiction can take you
Mitch: Know it's being very respectful.
Mitch: What because it's a monster can turn into a monster very fast.
So,
Mitch: knowing yourself is one coping skill. So that's what we would call it coping skill. The other coping skills like make sure you're getting enough rest if you're feeling fatigued.
Mitch: And if you're feeling like almost like that feeling of fatigue as a trigger for you, then you need, you know, you need to know that you have to get
Mitch: Back or have to do something that's gonna help you to not feel so tired. So I don't know if it's like taking vitamins. If it's getting an hour more sleep a night and that's
Mitch: Now I want to sleep. Hell, early the other night, and like I got like eight hours, nine hours of sleep, and I was weird enough. I was more tired than I was the night before when I got like five hours of sleep.
Mitch: I was like, whoa, like drastically sluggish.
Mitch: Dude, so the thing is is like what you want to try and do is maintain a
Mitch: Regular sleeping schedule, you know, go to bed at the same time wake up at the same time. So if you only need seven hours of sleep. Just make sure you're getting seven hours of sleep.
Mitch: But you know I'm five hours of sleep continually is probably not a good idea, catch up. Yeah, it catches up with you. And so you want to that and that's like that's self care right that yeah you know it's part of being clean part of being
Mitch: You know, it's paying attention to your body painted your thoughts and how you're feeling internally. Then I found like
Mitch: I've been drinking a lot more water cuz since it started getting hot I sweat a lot. I work in, and I was dehydrated for a minute and it like takes a toll on your body does, but I've been. I've been making sure I drink a bunch of water at work. I stuff and it makes you feel so much better.
Water, food sleep.
Mitch: You know, and you know just maintaining maintaining that healthy lifestyle, you know, keep it really simple right now. Very simple. Nothing needs to be complicated. Okay.
Mitch: You know, it's like you've got eight months. That's great. You know your goals to make it to a year. Right. And, you know, then more things open up for you. And you know, just keep doing what you're doing but pay attention, pay pay attention to your thoughts and to how you feel internally.
And also externally concert external triggers to
Mitch: Write. Okay. So, good job. Like you talk to me about it. You talk to your girlfriend about it so
Shawn Phalen: When that happens when somebody tells me that I know that you're there on the right track.
Shawn Phalen: And I know that they're serious about their sobriety. So you know you didn't push it around, right.
Right.
Mitch: Good, yeah, I would hate to drag drag her like my family down with me. Yeah.
Mitch: Yeah, it's not just myself anymore. It's not
Mitch: Okay, so let's you want to reschedule for another session. Yeah. Um, this time, this time works for me. I don't know if you have
Shawn Phalen: Oh, we did 630. Okay, how about can you do 630 on May six,
Yeah.
Mitch: Pretty much any any day after, for I can do.
OK.
OK, cool. So
Mitch: May six at 630. Okay, gotcha. All right.
Mitch: Thank you. Good evening.
Hi.
E D: Hello.
Can you see me.
Shawn Phalen: I can't see you.
E D: I can't see you. I wonder, I don't know what
E D: I'm trying this
E D: This is Elijah.
E D: Start video
E D: Can now can you see me.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, yeah. How's it going,
E D: All right, I guess.
Shawn Phalen: What
E D: Point, we're still here quarantine like
E D: It was at 630 and I've been waiting this whole time.
Okay.
E D: Yeah.
E D: Yeah, they made me stay here. Wait for ever.
Okay.
E D: You could you can you can see they told you I think before 630
E D: Yeah, sorry about that was weird, but
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
E D: Now just consider for long.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, sorry.
E D: Okay, so tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me what's happening with you.
E D: I mean, there's not much difference because I've been sitting in her in quarantine.
E D: The still yeah
E D: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Do you have stuff you want to go over with me, Alicia.
E D: I mean, what's new is basically the scheduling the appointment with a new provider that hopefully will be able to prescribe me my ADHD medication. That'll help a lot. Okay. Okay. So look for that. That's supposed to punish
Okay.
E D: All right.
E D: Other than that.
E D: Yeah, not I'm just looking forward to that green
Shawn Phalen: What are you looking forward
E D: To that appointment and hopefully getting that started
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, okay. That's awesome. And it's hurt.
E D: Yeah yeah that's true by heart.
Shawn Phalen: Right. Okay, good. You must be relieved. I know that's a big issue for you.
E D: And
E D: Your husband has been my whole life. And I'm relieved that finally getting some help with this. Yeah, I've been. I've been trying since I was a eight
E D: Yeah, right.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so
Shawn Phalen: Do you want to
Shawn Phalen: Do you continue to meet with me or tell me what you because I know your main goal was to get that medication. Right.
E D: If they if they require me to continue meeting with you guys like
E D: I know they kind of do
E D: They want to keep track of like my. If not, then that's fine. Of course, I mean with you it's a lot easier to talk to you as an individual done in the group.
E D: Yeah yeah so hard to talk over other people in the group. I don't have a hard enough time doing this as it is because, well, that might change. So once I get the medication.
Shawn Phalen: Thinking like that's kind of what I'm like my what I'm thinking is like once you get on the medication that's going to help you keep a little bit more guest and like how like maybe we
E D: Can think of stuff you want to go over
E D: Does that
Does that sound right.
E D: Yeah, that sounds right.
Shawn Phalen: Because I mean I'm more than happy like if you have some stuff you want to discuss. We can absolutely do that. I just know that
It gets a little agitating for you because you're not having your medication.
E D: I know, I know. I try not to get. I try not to. But like, okay, yes. I mean, I sent I sent her over for half an hour staring at a blank screen.
E D: waiting and waiting and that's interesting, too.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah I don't blame you.
E D: I don't know what happened.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I don't know what happened either. It didn't come through. I think it's are you good the connection isn't very good where you are. Is it
E D: Um, it's a it's a broadband connection is pretty good. This is streams Netflix and everything. I just don't know if our software is being slow today or something that could probably be what
Shawn Phalen: It is because you're freezing like you're kind of breaking up.
E D: So I'm kind of wondering if that
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, kind of wondering because it's it's it's kind of
Difficult to hear you.
E D: I'm sorry, I don't
E D: Know what say like, it's totally
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, no, it's fine. It's not your fault.
E D: It's just what's going on.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so you're gonna you could who who we didn't see on the 27th.
E D: I don't know the last name. I just, I think it's Mary. Mary Kastner
E D: Possibly. I'm not, I'm not sure I'm not the real look at the email.
Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Shawn Phalen: It's okay. I was just wondering
E D: I believe so. I believe it could be that person.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Are you doing being in quarantine.
E D: Shocks
E D: We can't go nowhere. We can't do nothing.
E D: It's, it's been a long time and it's gonna be a lot longer.
E D: My area. I wasn't even
E D: hasn't even like cotton, as well as it's going to get our P or anything. It's just going up and up. Not like
E D: I have to go to pharmacy and
E D: I still have to the pharmacy and I hate going there. I am so scared to go there.
E D: I were like a masculine yeah I wear this this giant mask that has canisters on it.
Shawn Phalen: Are you kidding me really
E D: Know,
E D: If I could literally wear a hazmat suit.
Shawn Phalen: So you are afraid of catching it.
E D: Well yeah, I mean, in our area as just
E D: Pull that just don't even think about it like a lot of the people in this area, don't even think they don't even realize it. Those are the people that are going to get infected and pass it on like this whole thing worse.
Shawn Phalen: So you guys haven't reached the peak yet. Is that what you're saying.
E D: No, no, look, cup Redding, California.
Shawn Phalen: I eat your northern cow right
Yeah yeah
It's, it's not slowing down at all.
No.
E D: No, we're still getting higher numbers. No.
Wow.
E D: Okay. That's because people don't take, I think it's because people don't take it seriously.
Shawn Phalen: Could be definitely. I know.
Shawn Phalen: That it kind of looks like you're where okay what we're part. Where do you live, where are you staying
Ready.
E D: Right now in California.
Shawn Phalen: How far is that from San Francisco.
E D: Let's click away from San Francisco.
E D: It's week it's reaching us lower, but that but like it came
E D: Slower. And now it's starting to actually grow in numbers. You know what I mean, once it finally got here. This is just started doing this thing and people just don't even take it seriously. So everybody's just getting sick.
E D: We don't have like a lot of hospitals here, right, we, we have a couple, but like it's nothing. That's kind of animal, what's going to happen, right.
Shawn Phalen: So what do you do you have a little bit of anxiety going on.
E D: Well yeah, I mean, of course, I think everybody probably goes nowadays.
E D: Well at least those of us who are like out of work and
E D: Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Are you staying with are you living alone up there.
E D: No I stay with my girlfriend.
Shawn Phalen: And you guys have food and all that stuff. Are you okay with them.
E D: We're all right so far. I mean, like, it's not gonna last forever.
E D: It's, it's getting hard to like pay for things because I ran out of my my savings is already gone like I i worked as a dishwasher and a construction worker and both my jobs are gone. So I filed from employment and that still hasn't gone through, because how over
E D: How we're overwhelmed the system is yeah I filed for some
E D: Relief for like California or just basically for people who work in restaurants, because our restaurants are all shut down. I haven't received any of that. So I haven't received her stimulus check yet.
E D: Has your girlfriend received any money.
E D: Um, she she she has a little bit yeah I mean we're we're sustaining on that perfect moment.
Shawn Phalen: Other food banks.
Shawn Phalen: Have their, their
Things.
E D: Yeah, there are. And like we have food right now okay I'm different came down to that I'm really scared to go to any of those places. So
E D: Will your girlfriend. Go. Is she is. She scared to go
E D: Yeah, she's, she's even more scared than I am likes she actually as a
E D: Immune immune deficiency.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so
E D: In that respect, I'm, I'm afraid I'm afraid to give it to her.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, but if you wear a mask and if you are
Yeah.
E D: Hey, I know that they tell us that yeah yeah and and use all the old stuff. I know, I know, but it's still scary if people are still getting sick people are still dying. I read somewhere that in China. People are getting infected twice now.
E D: The second time around. It's way worse. So
E D: China stay focused on what's in front of us here, and I know
E D: China will first, you know, and Italy was second and then you know we're even worse off than both of them now in the numbers so
E D: I'm just following what's going on. I'm not, I'm not being oblivious to it and taking that everything's gonna be okay cuz right now, everything's not our countries and and
E D: Something that we've never been in before and I don't want to be right. I don't want to be one of those numbers. I'm sorry, but I really like to, and I can protect my family. Right. It means sitting away from everything
E D: Right, exactly.
Shawn Phalen: But you know, I just don't need to be so scared that you don't get food, you need to go get food.
Okay, I just want to make sure. Okay.
Yeah.
E D: I think my prescription. I don't know if you can check this, but I think my prescription for Suboxone has been sent to my pharmacy and I wanted to find out what exactly they did about that.
What do you mean if they sent it or not.
E D: Yet, cuz I ran. I ran out last night.
E D: And I called in to verify my appointment. Yeah, I did. I talked to someone yesterday and they said they were going to talk to Dr fig and let them know you know the circumstances and and
E D: And and send me and get a script or something, but I never got an email or nothing, saying that I do that and then then my pharmacy, send me email saying there was one to pick up so
E D: I'm wondering is that it like I'm sure that's it you need to call the pharmacy, though, and ask, are they still open.
E D: was hoping to get there before they close
Shawn Phalen: Though it's seven o'clock. What time do they close. I know the cold.
E D: Very close. I think a
Shawn Phalen: Okay, how long does it take you to get their
E D: Power. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So here's what I want to do. We're going to schedule another appointment, because they want to be able to get there on time before they close. Okay.
E D: I kind of thought we were going to start this meeting a lot earlier than I thought I'd have more time.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, I kind of thought so too.
Shawn Phalen: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: What if we do May six at, can you do 730
E D: Sure.
Okay.
So I'm going to put you in
Shawn Phalen: And then
E D: And then you should. We'll see you getting on that medication, but I want you to try and make it to the pharmacy tonight. Okay.
E D: Yeah, definitely. That was does been one of my goals for today.
Shawn Phalen: Alright, cuz that's important. So, um, we're gonna we're going to end a little bit early okay cuz I want you to have that
Okay.
E D: Okay.
E D: Okay, thank you. And can you send me an email reminder. Yes.
E D: Okay, thank you.
E D: Take care. All right. Bye bye.